Review Readme.md (#5)
DevExpress-Examples/XAF_logon-form-manage-users-register-a-new-user-restore-a-password: Readme.md

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14300209/128016215-31fc417a-cfb9-4ce4-910a-e1e215c1c63d.png)

The module includes the following notable building blocks:

- Application Model settings (Model.DesignedDiffs.xafml) that place custom Actions next to the logon form input fields. See [How to: Include an Action to a Detail View Layout](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/112816/ui-construction/view-items-and-property-editors/include-an-action-to-a-detail-view-layout). 
- Non-persistent data models for parameter screens (LogonActionParameters.cs) 
- A View Controller (ManageUsersOnLogonController.cs) for the logon Detail View. The controller declares custom Actions and their behavior. See the [XafApplication.CreateCustomLogonWindowControllers](https://documentation.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpressExpressAppXafApplication_CreateCustomLogonWindowControllerstopic.aspx) event in Module.cs to find controller registration code and other service logic. 

---------------------------------

## Extend the Logon Form in Your Project

In order to use this module in your own project, follow the steps below: 

> 1. Download the `Security.Extensions` module project, include it into your XAF solution and rebuild the solution. See [How to Add an Existing Project](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/ff460187(v=vs.140)?redirectedfrom=MSDN) in MSDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the `Security.Extensions` module project, include it in your XAF solution, and rebuild the solution. See [How to Add an Existing Project](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/ff460187(v=vs.140)?redirectedfrom=MSDN) in MSDN for details.
```
